1;The story line is quirky and funny, the appearance by Quinton is cute.
2;The transfer is amazing and the images of the desert are profound.
3;In this memorable, hilarious and touching movie, Chaplin takes on the modern era along with his newfound girl friend (Paulette Goddard) in a quest for happiness.
4;it was a serious story, but it used a light beat style, which made it relaxing but also exciting.
5;The added 49 minutes of footage to Apocalypse Now helps to develope the characters more and give a better feeling to the movie.
6;All in all, here is a romantic movie that never gets soapy, and its honesty of feeling is something to be truly admired.
7;The values it discusses and the emotions it conveys are in short supply in today's world: love, patience, perserverence, trust, loyalty, sensitivity, truth, and compassion.
8;This results in a profound, but delightful psychological and philosophical puzzle of a film.
9;The trust between celluloid and the audience comes from the film's hero, Holly Martins.
10;That this world is corrupted you cant trust anyone most of the time.
11;The second time through, you can sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride.
12;The plot is complex and the plan intricate.
13;This feeling of urgency is contrasted by moments of newly realized joy and gratitude.
14;the performances in this film are so relaxed, the viewer sometimes feels as if he/she is watching a documentary, a black.
15;The extras very informative, the commentary funny and interesting, the previews, hilarious.
16;This is a slow, tender, warm, and touching movie.
17;It is a smart film that despite its moments of tender heartedness dazzles most in its cynicism.
18;This movie is about Clarice and Hannibal, about their growing trust and their deep.
19;This movie is cute, adorable and an awesome film for all to watch!
20;The simple moral questions of this movie are intriguing enough
21;The movie is funny, touching, and tender.
22;It was sweet, funny, cute and endearing.
23;Both Colbert and Gable give excellent performances, and the dialogue between the two characters is really sweet and funny.
24;It is unrelenting action from begining to end, with Ripley and Knute providing the sweet soft filling of this treat.
25;It's amazing, plain and simple.
26;The story reveals a side of ""the sweet life"" that is often untold and unnoticed."
27;The new aspect ratio looks very sweet.
28;The pacing of the film is relaxing, allowing for ample character development.
29;this movie has so many simple comic moments,so many hilarious cameo scenes from the various characters who are questioned by the police.
30;it shows in this movie that who can you trust and who you cant.
31;The gentle story is touching, uplifting, funny, and tender without being overly sentimental or didactic.
32;along the way he meets a few characters who are quite suspiscious, and until the end you can't trust any of them.
33;this movie captures the fundamental human feelings that ultimately pull us all together.
34;The movie forces the mind to flow between tragic, hilarious, despair, horror, fear, defeat, victory, etc. in a constant wave of smooth velvet.
35;This movie is both incredibly dramatic and horrifying and at other times it is just hilarious.
36;These tender scenes with Gregory and his new grandson add the perfect sweet and sentimental finishing touches to the whole documentary.
37;this is sergio leones best film the emotion and the feeling of a comedy in the shakesperean sense of the word almost enters the summary.
38;Despite the three hour length and relaxed pacing Kubrick's assured direction and the strong performances preclude any sense of boredom.
39;It is a movie that contains a very complex political message within a very simple story of simple people.
40;The two films share a lot in common: an overwhelming focus on the two main characters, lots of good dialog, and a very sweet love story.
41;It is just the sort of cynically ironic line that would inspire Singer and McQuarrie to dream up this exceedingly cynical, but bordering on the funny, flick.
42;The acting of films in that era was so relaxing, simple yet very effective.
43;The lively screenplay is peppered with hilarious lines that provide needed comic relief and the film's editor, Thelma Schoonmaker, helps maintain the film's rapid and exciting pace.
44;this film puts the black into black comedy with some of the most mean spirited and hilarious comic touches of all time.
45;It's funny, effective, displays emotions and above all, is realistic.
46;The film's short time period helps create this feeling of tension and intensity inside Pacino.
47;This film attempts to make something look funny when it's already hilarious to begin with.
48;The movie looks Great, and has some sweet features, like 2 commentaries 1 from the writer and director, and another from the f/x guy.
49;That's deep, profound, inspired, admirable, isn't it.
50;the characters are funny, and larger than life, easily able to get through 90% of their troubles even when these things could be profound issues in real life.
51;It's also tender in places.
52;This movie is a hilarious, emotional, dramatic, and capturing tale of a man with a simple Anti.
53;It's funny yet dramatic, moving and profound all at the same time.
54;A masterpiece of emotion and thought provoking scenes.
55;The story gives the term Immaculate Conception an ironic and tender new meaning.
56;The scene where Keanu and Fishburne spar is still hilarious and the set looks like it came straight form 'Fist of Legend' but it is still fun.
57;The black and white silent movie within a movie is at once hilarious and tender.
58;it is funny in some parts and deep in others
59;this is a lovely edition for the life long fan and the newcomer that has yet to experience the magic of this timeless classic.
60;Each agent is very smart and over years has worked to a position of trust.
61;both Toy Stories are good with cute animation, a good story line and plenty of funny laughs and comedy.
62;until the T. rex gets free in the park!This movie is funny exiting and fun!
63;It's about fear, thoughtfulness, caring, love, and deep emotions.
64;It manages to be funny, dramatic, tender, action.
65;the film is rich, tender and bittersweet.
66;While it does suffer at times from the overacting prevalent at the time (at least by today's standards), it captures the characters and their emotions perfectly.
67;It's a romance that is mostly feelings and emotions, furtive glances, sighs, talk and regular meetings that are brief in a train station.
68;It's quite profound when he doesn't get the answer he wants.
69;a well made fable about the dream and reality
70;The story unfolds with tender care, sensitivity and rythmn.
71;The movie is actually a profound statement in support of faith in God and the ability of love and honor to overcome the powers of darkness.
72;It was sweet, deep, funny.
73;While it really didn't impact many actors or film makers, it enthused an audience that loved the disturbingly violent and tragic life of being a gangster.
74;Through this intense interaction, the film emerges as a complex and profound study of what father and son relationships are really all about.
75;the film developed slowly into an unforgettable tale of war, loyalty, trust and friendship.
76;It was mildly amusing in spots but never laugh out loud funny.
77;This film is one of the most profound things I've ever seen.
78;The calm times when you can relax and enjoy the scenery and the stressful times when you are holding hoping for better times.
79;The stroty and cast were made for each other and the funny moments were just as tender as the sad moments.
80;in a stunning, tender performance.
81;The actor truly reflected the tender care of Gandhi.
82;it would be such a sweet touch.
83;It has captured a depth in comic books that is rarely celebrated by onscreen adaptations.
84;the final moment, the tender goodbye was the best moment.
85;The performances all around were as authentic as one could possibly expect, and as heart felt as human emotions go.
86;the stateroom sequence is as hilarious today as it was when it first appeared.
87;The film embraces humanity, freedom to chose the way he wants to live, the freedom to trust one's friend, even the freedom of sexuality .
88;The story relies much more on human emotions and interaction than the magic itself.
89;This version has the great Jimmy Stewart and is a very cute romantic comedy.
90;This film was released in 1988, and told the story of adorable and whacky cartoon characters spilling over into the ""real"" world as studio contract players."
91;This movie is lots of fun and the lines are hilarious!
92;This movie is a classic it's funny relatable and just plain fun.
93;This blissfuly funny film is packed with hilarious episodes.
94;An adorable movie by anyone's standards.
95;This movie touches you in every single way and shows how a white man can rely and trust a black man in a racist society.
96;The film relies on intense, absorbing script which works on all levels and is thoroughly entertaining.
97;This is unquestionably the best of the series stylish, slick, funny, tough violent.
98;This movie is a must see, it is fun, funny as well, and has excellent performances.
99;The film never takes itself too seriously, and there are many absolutely hilarious parts to the film.
100;The film is hysterical and very tender and touching as well.
101;The appearance, the mannerisms, and the ANGER of Frank Serpico are shown with real strength and heart.
102;the film is sometimes hilarious and extremely wacky.
103;It's still a romp with lots of fun as well as tender moments at the end.
104;It's very important to Cole because he wants to trust, and to tell his secret.
105;The music is fun, the costumes are fun, the story is fun, the accents are funny.
106;Although it is somewhat of a comedy, it is touching and tender.
107;the real Maria was nowhere near as lovely or sweet as Julie Andrews, but this movie is a entertaining story nonetheless with some pretty awesome musical numbers.
108;From sheer intensity to charasmatic cool, Lee was able to convey more emotions in a simple glance than most actors could with a series of lines.
109;It's funny, heartbreaking, tender and complex!
110;It was supposed to be serious, but it was hilarious.
111;This story is easy to relate to for those tender misfits with big hearts.
112;This opening scene sets the tone for most of the rest of the film, a feeling of seedy desperation.
113;It's like a dream, and it captures the feeling of a dream as effectively as any film yet made.
114;This is a good movie, but one can't help feeling that many viewers will find it somewhat protracted and a tad on the long side.
115;The tender scene between Arkin and Breslin prior to the pageant is heart.
116;For Quentin Tarantino, it's about average which means an enjoyable violent, fun crime movie (as if violence is ever fun).
117;The first kiss between Jack and Ennis is tender, gentle and sensual.
118;the interplay between Shrek and Princess Fiona is sweet and tender, while the exchanges between the ogre and the ass are often barbed and subversively funny.
119;The story is tender and sweet one moment, a psychological thriller the next
120;This epic, sweeping romance, told in flashback, captures the lushness of Moscow before the war and the violent social upheaval that followed.
121;The ending is most tender with Nelson Mandela telling the next generation about Mr. x and how he taught our society to be more humane towards others.
122;this film is funny, hilarious.
123;It's just fun and simple and makes you laugh.
124;all in all, this is a comedy about trust.
125;The scenes where Lola and her boyfriend are relaxing in bed, intimately discussing their relationship, are very moving.
126;Despite running over two hours, the film has such natural flow to it that you can't help but be absorbed in it from scene to scene.
127;The tender lyrics and poignant music complement and balance the tough nature of the choreography.
128;Though the soundtrack, performances, set design and art direction are perfectly realized, it is the tender.
129;A very funny movie, that has a sweet ending.
130;This story is simple and sweet but has some unexpected levels and turns
131;The scene in which he is visited in prison by his loyal loving girlfriend is a wrenching work of Art.
132;is also DeNiro's visit to his home and his interaction with his daughter, one of the most tender moments in an action film.
133;It's the beautiful, sweet, adorable, Chanel #5 Catherine Deneuve, who I'm absolutely positively sure can do no wrong.
134;This is a movie about trust, love and loyalty, a movie whose depth of emotion takes your breath away.
135;As such, this is safe territory for a ""guy movie"" that plumbs deep emotion without feeling anything too personal.
136;the result is a hilarious black comedy with great performances, including a cameo by Cheech and Chong.
137;It is also majestic, romantic, thrilling, adventurous, frightening, funny, dramatic, heartbreaking, heartwarming, heroic, and just plain wonderful.
138;This robust and yet tender tale of one Indian tribe's encounter with the white man is both entertaining and educational.
139;"The blues came rushing out, expelled from his body by the strength of his feelings
140;The film makers captured so much feeling.
141;It is pretty relaxing to watch.
142;It is so funny and it's a great movie to watch with your friends while you're relaxing and having a few beers!
143;no director has ever surpassed Kazan in capturing intense emotional confrontations between individuals, and the focus this requires is diluted and diminished by the widescreen format.
144;under the tender guidance of director Tim Robbins, the cast and crew bring this emotionally charged story to life.
145;The extra content also helps you understand and appreciate what can be a difficult film at times.
146;It is frequently funny and it makes the audience aware of deep emotions inside the minds of two young adventurers, who were bound to change their lives forever.
147;It's a watch alone movie or share it with your girlfriend or boyfriend
148;It's a joy to watch comedy unfold so naturally, the laughs gently teased out from our growing knowledge of the characters, their imperfections, doubts and, yes, emotional pain.
149;In ""The Thin red line,"" viewers just innately new that this movie represented much more closely the emotions and feelings of the participants."
150;A really lovely romantic under.
151;"As it is, a ""lovely"" Lotte is hilarious enough."
152;In gaining the trust and help of the locals despite his ""flamboyancy,"" Capote also earns the same from his subjects, killers Perry Smith and Dick Hickock."
153;this film was very funny and wasn't afraid to make fun of itself by using stereotypical Hollywood cliches.
154;The story is dramatic and full of emotions.
155;The analytical strategy of discerning profound absence is being applied here to understand the willful omission of key references found in King's novel.
156;"After 45 years, ""Bullitt"" still conveys a sense of cool detachment punctuated by high emotions and harsh realities."
157;The story line and acting captured the emotion and feeling of the time and lives of these people.
158;the ending was emotional and happy.
159;This movie is action packed, dramatic and sweet.
160;This is a brilliant film that touches on so many levels of human emotion, from grief to acceptance to fear and happiness.
161;this film, with its state of the art affects, adventure, robot and just plain fun, was the ""Star Wars"" of its day."
162;It's elegiac, profound, literate, thought provoking, moving and engaging.
163;After winning the trust and confidence of low.
164;"The tender, heart warming friendship between the streetwise young orphan ""Miette"" and the gentle giant ""One"" is just delightful."
165;The story is profound and absorbing, and Cruise has never been better.
166;This one is fun and sweet and touching fun.
167;It has the general comedy moments that help you relax after witnessing a strongly emotive scene or a high impact fight sequence.
168;The Squid and the Whale is one of the most tender, subtle, and underrated films of the last decade.
169;This telling comment, while delivered as a casual joke, cuts right to the heart of Dupea's emotions.
170;Except for the rather stagey graveyard scene, it's told in simple and straightforward fashion, allowing audience emotions to build quietly until the final shattering scene.
171;"The ""chic flick"" elements give the movie an ability to be soft and tender, but the harsh blows of action will hold the male audiences eyes."
172;A classic romance, with thrill and excitement, what you expect from Hitchcock, cute and sweet.
173;Like all of Almodovar's films, this one is filled with bright colors, deep emotions and complex characters.
174;"Both Drey and Dan share a common bond
175;It's funny, sad, exciting, and most of all enigmatic.
176;The word selections are effective and eloquent, displaying the elusive edges of emotions and the raw nature of desire.
177;A sweet,simple story about a lonely, shy butcher who grapples with balancing family and work.
178;It is ironic that, at the end, all Agutter's character can think about is how pleasant it was to live in the wild with her Aborigine friend.
179;the juxtaposition is hilarious, clever, and a needed moment of comic relief.
180;The story was tender, heroic, affirming and at times very funny.
181;This collector's edition includes alot of interveiws and some hilarious previews of other Pam Greir films from the 70s.
182;The night beautifully captures the feeling of panic, the feeling of impending disaster but never lets loose of his relaxed pace and delivery.
183;"Along the way there is enough violence, blood, and gore to keep us all happy
184;It is possible to argue which of Eastwood's movies are his best, but High Plains Drifter should surely be counted among them.
185;The strength, the happiness and the conflicting emotions.
186;While his loyal wife stays home and takes care of their son Charles engages in affairs with singers who perform with him, including one who has his child.
187;(The campy d cor of the Frenchman's flat is hilarious!)
188;it takes courage to move on and trust that the future contains unknown miracles.
189;It has a dark and ruthless vibe, as well as a tender and warm side.
190;It is funny and tender.
191;The tragic ending is just undeniably hilarious.
192;It's the classic Iccarus story, except that Max survives and finds happiness at the end.
193;This makes the love story important to the actual event itself because it creates a feeling of emotion, which many people lacked before seeing this film.
194;This is by no means a surface performance: Di Caprio has put his heart and his soul into understanding Hughes.
195;all seems very sweet and normal and then things suddenly change.
196;For those of you who wanted a sweet lovely musical, just try to find one.
197;the feeling and depth that Hopper gives this role.
198;That love feelings and the desire to help are important and necessary to reach happiness and wisdom.
199;the best performance is from Micky Rourke playing a very violent thug that also has as soft place in his heart for women.
200;This is a great story about Wyatt Earp (Russell) and his 2 brothers who settle in Tombstone to enjoy peace and quiet and on the search for gold.
201;The film is amazing and the extras are a lot of fun.
202;The screenplay of this movie is great for it's time, and has some hilarious lines that are delivered dead on by the actor's.
203;It would seem that a situation as wonderfully complex and intricate as Lee builds for and hour and forty.
204;This movie was such a help for us to understand what happened on Bloody Sunday.
205;The movie is gory and violent but it's also always fun and entertaining.
206;the action is fast, with pauses for some absolutely ludicrous events that are at once hilarious and tender.
207;In the Bedroom is a thoughtful film that depicts the human psychology of grief with genuine affection that touches the audience with fear, anger, compassion, and despair.
208;This amazing movie isn't told in a linear fashion, and there is a complex series of interwoven plot threads that come together at the end.
209;The story is exciting and suspenseful with some surprisingly funny moments as well.
210;The acting is excellent in a soft spoken, everybody just be civil way and conveys it all with glances and soft words and barely concealed emotions.
211;In the meantime, upon returning home, Rocky meets up with some childhood friends including the preacher and a girl he used to pick on (Ann Sheridan).
212;It shows the passion, strength, courage, pride and tender heart of Elizabeth.
213;The movie explores what it means to be human and touches on cognition, the individual's relationship to society, psychological illnesses, and genuine human emotion.
214;it has great animation, and funny as well as tender scenes.
215;as you see this is an intriguing puzzle that combines cleverly betray, greed, wounded self stem, jealous feelings, and hidden emotions.
216;this movie is highlt recommended for families who like to get together for a relaxed time.
217;The film is extremely beautiful and moving (as in tender, scary, freaked out, funny).
218;The animation is a mixture of both CGI and traditional cel animation, so it just pops off the screen, capturing our attention and imagination both at once.
219;It is fun, moving, cheesy, sweet, exciting, and has Will Smith.
220;The viewer gets captivated into the seduction of a high rolling lifestyle and can understand Buddy's (Charlie Sheen) desire to become one of the sharks.
221;It was funny and romantic at the same time.
222;While the answer to that question may be simple it also may be complex.
223;The Ring (unlike its inferior sequel) is a complex, mysterious movie with a deep backstory.
224;The plot is fairly simple .
225;In general, the staging was clever and often laugh out loud funny.
226;the violence here is so comic bookish that it helps keep the laughs and the characters moving.
227;This was such a cute movie and sooo funny.
228;A trusted friend had recommended this movie with two reservations.
229;A loyal wife and adorable little girls tug at our heart strings.
230;As Judy Benjamin becomes less naive, Hawn does a masterful job in keeping her vunerable and sweet.
231;This movie combines cuteness and funny moments (BTW try to see Sebastian talking like Cuban in Spanish it is simply hilarious and much more fun than in English!)
232;It's simple, flashy, funny, and completely entertaining.
233;A little bit of mystery and fantasy always helps too.
234;the mummy is a fun, sexy indiana jones knock off (4 stars).
235;this movie is hilarious and has a lot of sick and perverted twists throughout it.
236;The funny outtakes, featurettes and comic book are worth adding to your collection.
237;It was hilarious, the acting was great, the kids were adorable.
238;It is more fantasy than fact, but it is hilariousy funny, wonderfully romantic, and beautifully filmed.
239;All of her emotional damage, carefully revealed in the film, have made her so jaded that she cannot bring herself to trust anyone.
240;This movie is just a fun time capsule piece.
241;The movie isn't brilliant but it's adorable, funny, and entertaining.
242;This one has some funny parts but for the most part, it's a romantic comedy.
243;The contrasts between happiness and deep sorrow, energy and listlessness, struggle for control over her demons and loss of control are strangely absent.
244;Both of them are funny by themselves but the two of them together were absolutely hilarious.
245;It's writer, Brian Helgeland (Mystic River, A Knight's Tale, L. a. Confidential), also did the lean, cool, violent (and often funny) Payback with Mel Gibson.
246;This proves you cannot always trust that a big name will save a film.
247;It was fun, gory, hilarious, corny, and intriguing.
248;all in all a pretty good movie, kept the attention and was entertaining and fun to watch.
249;This movie is refreshingly funny and just plain fun.
250;The hilarious Stephen Root manages to steal plenty of scenes, even some of the scenes featuring the very cute Raquel Castro.
251;the Audio Commentary by The Rock was absolutely hilarious.
252;Although it's difficult to capture any biographical film to the most intrinsic detail, this film does provide a well.
253;The subplot of the missing Donald was genuinely tender, considering the danger.
254;this is a heartwarming and tender film with a lovely and haunting musical score.
255;this is a version worth watching, but don't expect to wind up with a great feeling afterward.
256;it is cute and funny!
257;A fun movie, as well as romantic, and of course a great werewolf fantasy.
258;The only real entertainment you can get out of Alone in the Dark comes from reading its scathing reviews, many of which are hilarious in their no.
259;That said, you can relax and enjoy this film for what it is .
260;The camera skillfully captures the spirit of this legendary city and the atmosphere of the landscape incorporating that romantic ambience into the separated lovers Max and Lisa.
261;It is a story filled with love. . . doubt. . . courage. . . anger. . . but, above all, fear and what it means.
262;This is captured in a tender and sweet Dance of the Fairies.
263;It's fun, fast paced and funny overall.
264;The Restoration was one of the most exciting and decadent periods in English history, marked by great debauchery, great artistic achievement, and great fun.
265;this is a deep story about how miscommunication and misunderstanding can create profound impact that is undesired.
266;It has it's heart felt moments that added depth and emotion to the story without being sappy or heavy handed.
267;The two are reluctant partners, but eventually develop a bond of trust and deep caring .
268;the film, advertised more like a party film, has its fair share of teen debauchery that is sure to catch the eye of many rebellious teenagers today.
269;is a great movie that captures the incredible tragedy of the plain that, in 1970, killed so many members of the Marshall football community.
270;it's the story of the sweet strongman with reproductive issues .
271;This is a classy sweet and funny movie.
272;this movie is gory, disturbing, and just plain fun.
273;Any type of romantic film, be it comedy or tragedy, must capture, at least, the attention of the audience by making the characters interesting.
274;The various relationships (Bale and prostitute, Bale and waitress) are tender and yet slightly edgy, which keeps you engrossed.
275;The cinematography is breathtakingly beautiful, the musical score is thoughtfully eloquent, and the BIG scenes are a spectacularly Grand as the intimate scenes are extraordinarily tender.
276;besides Johnny Depp who gives a wonderful preformance full of wit, sarcasm, passion and anger, there are Antonio Banderas, and Salma Hayek, who do their characters proud.
277;it was an emotional feeling film about a want.
278;The score is subtly wonderful, the themes lending emotion to the alternatively violent, tense and tender scenes.
279;this movie also helps in understanding the differences between the two faiths and hopefully coming to a meeting point in the future.
280;It's both funny and tender.
281;That helped capture the feeling, and continue the magical flame the first one lit!
282;a profound movie that is a great work of art.
283;The violence is so strong that many readers were blinded to the sporadic humour of the piece, often laugh out loud funny.
284;All these small elements help the emotion and heightened the senses of the viewer without the viewer even knowing it.
285;It shows the depth and range of human emotions tied to a dream.
286;It's a pretty sharp contrast to the rather sweet, shy romance between Ichabod and his host's daughter, Katrina Van Tassel.
287;It even has very much of a romantic aspect for those who enjoy high emotion.
288;The movie was cute, funny and fun to watch.